- Wow. Better than I remember.
- Then you've got a bad memory.
- No. No.
I have to go to work.
- Oh, stop it. Don't you have
lives to go save or something?
- If you're talking
about the ER, this week
has been all toothaches
and sprained ligaments. Oh,
and one bout of food poisoning.
- Guess you'll have to go back
to Nigeria to get your fill.
- Actually, this city
is kind of growing on me.
Keep Saturday night open.
I have a surprise for you.
- Everett Investigations.
Oh, yeah.
Sure. OK.
What's the address?
- Yeah, that's right.
Saturday night.
We're gonna need
the whole place. It's
my daughter's birthday.
Alright, I'll swing by and bring
you a cheque later. Thanks.
- Yeah. 15th.
- Just a little something
we're throwing together,
just some Ellard students
and their parents.
You wouldn't want to be there.
Not that you were asking
to be there. You don't want
to be there, right?
- Yeah, no...
Not unless you want me to be.
- Hello.
- Hey, um, Danon and Brock,
3O mil]1utes?
- [I'm not entirely sure,
but the woman on the phone]
was pretty upset. She said
it was something about a...
dead body.
- Not exactly what
I had in mind.
- Ditto.
- Hey, uh,
what's going on with your hair?
- Nothing.
I just didn't have time
to blow dry.
- Mm-hmm.
And why's that, Ms. Everett?
- Whatever. You have lipstick
on your collar.
- Yes. I am Angie Everett.
This is my partner, Matt Shade.
- Hi.
- Hi. Jacinta Kalfas.
I need to preface with--
this has never happened
to our business before.
This way.
It was supposed to be
Leo Stewart's visitation
and cremation this afternoon.
Father. Grandfather.
President of his mining union.
Recreational bowling champion...
- Right.
So what's the problem?
- This is not Leo Stewart.
- ** I see you and you see me
* Watch you blowin' the lines
when you're making a scene *
* Oh boy, you've got to know
* What my head overlooks
* The senses will show
to my heart *
* When it's watching for lies
* 'Cause you can't escape my
* Private Eyes
* They're watching you
* They're watching you,
watching you, watching you *
* Watching you *
- That's not Grampie Leo!
That's not Grampie Leo!
- It was awful.
- Why don't you start
at the beginning?
- Um, OK.
So we got a call
from Leo's daughter Esta.
She wanted us to provide funeral
services for her late father.
She wanted a simple
closed-casket visitation
followed by a cremation.
- So you had the right body
until... _
- Turns out we never dId.
My sister Hanna
picked the body up--
- Hanna, great, there you are.
These are the P15 that
I was telling you about.
- I thought we were going
to talk about this.
- We can't really afford
your services.
- Hanna,
we lost a body!
How are we gonna recover
from that if word gets out?
We're struggling financially.
Our parents retired 7 years ago,
leaving us the business--
- They don't need to know
our whole life story, Jacinta.
What are we supposed
to tell them? Oh my gosh.
Those poor people.
- Fine. I was the one
who picked up the body
from the hospital.
- And you didn't notice
you had the wrong guy?
- The toe-tag said Leo Stewart.
We didn't have a picture yet.
Who dressed him?
- I did. But it was
a closed casket service,
so I didn't focus
on the cosmetology part.
- They're antacids,
Jacinta,
not candy. Look,
I called the hospital morgue
and they told me the records
check out.
- So you have no idea
who this guy is?
- Tonight at 7.
Esta has agreed not to tell
the rest of the family
until we find
the body,
but we need him back by tonight.
- If you could please,
please keep this quiet...
- We'll do our best.
- Thank you.
- The hospital morgue
is downtown, but traffic
is a headache.
- Speaking of which.
Hello, Becca.
]
If you're gonna screw this up,
can you tell me in advance?
- Angie's here.
You're on speaker.
- Hi, Becca.
- [It's Jules' 15th birthday
this weekend,]
[and I am just spread
a little bit thin
- Which is why I told you I'd
take care of it. And yes,
I booked the venue.
]
- My next call.
- I gotta go. But Shadow,
Jules is at Ellard now. And this
is vitally important to her.
- Didn't we just
establish that I--
Why does Becca think
I can't handle this?
Hey, do you wanna come?
- Oh, I would,
but Ken made plans for us.
It's some surprise.
- Really. What kind
of a surprise?
- I have no idea.
- Interesting.
- What's that
supposed to mean?
- Well, it just seems like you
guys are progressing quickly.
- Not at all.
It's totally casual.
- Whatever you need
to tell yourself.
What about you and Mel?
You seem to be spending
a lot of time together lately.
Did you invite her
to Jules' party?
- Uh...
Sort of. Oh look, here we are.
- I don't really know
what to tell you guys...
- Well, could you try
to tell us something?
Like, how this
could have happened?
- A person dies,
they're brought down here,
the funeral director
comes by, gives me a wave...
- That doesn't seem very secure.
- They're dead bodies,
not bars of gold. I mean,
there's a toe, there's a tag,
they take 'em away.
- Does the hospital keep
a log of all the bodies
that come through here?
- Not really.
I mean, I could pull the files
of all the people
who died in the last few days.
- Great.
Yes.
Good idea. Do that.
- Here they are. Oh, um,
but I think they're,
like, confidential.
- Right. Listen,
how about you just do us
a quick little favour
and see if this guy's
in the morgue?
- Sure.
- I kinda
enw the guy.
A certain amount of cluelessness
seems like bliss, no?
Here he comes.
- Nah, man.
Two bodies is all I got.
One brown dude, one grandma.
- Thanks anyway.
And, uh...
good luck in life.
- And what time was his
visitation? OK. Thank you.
- Well,
I called all the funeral homes
that picked up bodies from
Memorial Hospital that day
and I've narrowed it down to
seven that could have been
switched with Leo Stewart
based off age and
closed-casket services.
- Great.
What's the matter?
- All their lives_.
They're so amazmg.
According to his obit,
Larry here traveled
to 80 different countries.
William served
in two wars
and Cyril
has 14 children
and 38 grandchildren.
- Perspective, Zoe.
I see vagabond, PTSD,
and a man who farmed children.
My life is basically a series
of awkward moments separated
by spoonfuls of peanut butter.
- Yeah, that's right,
'Happy Birthday Jules.‘
With lots of sprinkles
and sparklers.
Yeah. Thanks.
DJ, venue, cake-- done.
- OK, calm down, Martha Stewart.
Put on your best sad face.
And this tie. We have a bunch
of Funeral Homes to visit.
- You think one of them ended up
with Leo Stewart's body?
- They had to. And either
they're unaware of it,
or not owning up to it.
So we're going to sneak in, find
the bodies and check it out
for ourselves.
- Hm! Sounds like quite an
undertaking. Heh, heh, heh!
No?
- I'm so sorry to hear
about your loss.
What was your friend's name?
- Dr. Ken Graham.
He impaled himself on one
of his humanitarian awards.
It was awful.
- It's okay, babe.
Maybe take a moment
in the bathroom?
- Yeah.
- And just like that,
Mel was gone. I told her
not to wear heels
on the subway platform.
I need a minute.
OK. Zombies aren't real.
Zombies aren't real.
Six funeral homes down,
one to go.
Here's hoping. Oh no, the
visitation's started already.
- Wait, look.
- It's the John Doe
from Leo's casket!
- Carl White.
Bet you Grandpa Leo's
in his casket?
- You keep watch, I'll take
a look insidCeNEhe casket.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't realise
anyone was here.
I'll come back.
- No, no, it's fine.
I'm Jon, Carl's son.
This is my wife Katie
and this is Ruby.
And you are...?
- Uh, Brad Wilson.
- Thank you so much for coming.
How did you know my dad?
- Uh... a few years ago,
we crossed paths.
It was brief, but um...
he really impacted my life.
- Sounds like Carl.
- Grandpa lived
in our living room
before he moved to the hospital.
- I bet you really
miss him, huh?
Um, you know,
I'd love to take
this moment for all of us,
to bow our heads and
close our eyes tightly
and reflect
on Carl's life.
Is it our man?
- See for yourself.
- Hey.
What are you doing?
Oh my god.
Where's my dad?
- I've been a funeral director
for twenty years,
this has never happened before.
- Funny,
it's the second time
today for us.
- Michael, where's
my dad's body?
- He's at the Kalfas
Funeral Home, in
Leo Stewart's casket.
We can put you in touch,
but we need your help getting
Leo's body back there.
Who are you people?
- We're private investigators.
There was a mix-up
at the hospital morgue.
- Your father's body was taken
to the Kalfas Funeral Home,
under the name
of Leo Stewart.
- And Leo Stewart's body
ended up here,
labeled as your father's.
Except now, he's gone.
- Who picked up
Leo's body from the morgue?
- I did.
The toe tag said Carl White.
I double-checked the paperwork.
- What about the album
of pictures I gave you
for the photo montage?
Did you double
- My assistant prepped the body.
- Remind me to get my name
tattooed on top of my foot.
- Which one of us gets
to tell Jacinta and Hanna?
- You're going to make me
do it, aren't you?
See you in an hour.
- Michael,
who else had access
to the body you prepped?
- Everyone.
- We've talked to the intern,
the Funer_al Director's
A55istant,
the janitor... Nothing so far.
[Were you able to dig anything
up on the rest of the staff
- Nothing yet.
But I have to say, a lot
of strange people work
in the funeral industry. Ooh...
- Ooh, Stan, the hearse driver,
has an anonymous
Ding N Deal account.
how do you know it's him?
as his OKCupid account--
"@olderisbetter1962".
antique jewelry, accessories...
The items are super eclectic,
it's almost as if...
- They were stolen
from dead bodies.
Nice work, Zoe.
- Angie Everett,
Everett Investigations.
And you must be Stan.
- Wondering where you were
yesterday afternoon.
- I was with my wife all day.
- Does she know you're
on OkCupid?
- Yes.
We have _
an open relationship.
- Oh. Well,
can you explain this?
- I peruse yard sales.
There's four bags of salt
missing. Roughly the weight
of a human corpse.
- I maintain the parking lot
in the winter.
- Come on, it hasn't snowed in
weeks. Where's the body, Stan?
Tell me, or I'm gonna call
my very good friend,
Detective Mazhari.
- No, wait.
I sold it.
To who?
- This kid,
Greg something.
He's a med student,
he needed bodies to practice
surgery on. I figured
it was a closed casket,
who's gonna miss it?
It was an easy 800 bucks.
- Pathology Lab,
Carlington University.
- Thanks, Stan.
- Don't even get me started. How
did Jacinta and Hanna take it?
- Like death_ warmed over.
- We're running out of time.
Leo'_s funeral service
is in an hour.
- Stop! Drop the scalpel.
- I didn't kill him.
He was already dead, I swear!
- It's him.
- That's him. Grampie Leo.
What do we do,
call a hearse, or...?
- They'll never make it
across town and back. Uh...
Here. Put these on.
- I don't like where
this is heading.
- Oh no! I think the security
guard just saw us. Move it!
- This thing's got
a wonlq wheel!
Could you have parked
any further away?
- Shut up! Oh!
I am so bleaching this car
when I get home.
- It's a rental.
- Hurry up!
- Ew!
Go, go, go!
- Hey, stop!
- Thanks.
- Well, that's one grave
crisis averted.
Sorry.
- Thank you so much.
You saved us.
- Happy to help.
- Michael Lukins just arrived to
pick him up and he's downstairs
with Hanna right now.
- I have no idea, but you--
- ...can't come in here
and start yelling at me!
This is not our fault!
- Hanna!
- Your family is going
to pay for this.
- I'm screwe_d! That's
what's gomg on!
- Someone broke in
through the garage.
They smashed the window
and unlocked the door.
- Something's missing alright.
The body I was supposed
to be picking up!
- Someone stole
Carl White's body!
- Lemme get this straight. Two
bodies were switched. One went
missing. You found that body,
and now the other one's gone?
What is this, The X
- It's looking more and more
like the original body swap
wasn't a mistake.
- Michael, what was
supposed to happen
to Carl White's body?
- He was supposed to be buried
after his service on Friday.
- He's being cremated
in the morning.
- Maybe somebody switched
the bodies so that Carl would
get cremated instead of Leo.
- Maybe Carl was murdered.
Cremation would
destroy any foren5ics.
- Which explains why they came
back to grab him a second time.
- OK,
do not jump to any conclusions,
please. I will look around,
talk to the techs
and I'll get back to you, OK?
- They don't know anything yet.
- If you don't get
Carl White's body
back in time
for his funeral,
I'm going to sue you guys
for failing to keep custody
of a body.
You'll be finished.
- This is awful.
- Just try to get some sleep.
We'll stay on top of things
and be in touch tomorrow.
- OK.
- Let's go.
- Hey.
- A potato chip, mayo,
and cheese
What're you stressed out about?
- I'm trying to figure out
the guest list for my party.
Ellard politics.
IfI invite Lynn and Skylar,
that means I have to invite
their circle of tight-knit
friends, which includes
twelve more girls,
two of which I don't know,
three I don't really like--
Don't you dare tell anyone that.
- Honey, relax.
I rented Edge Park Hall. There's
plenty of room for everyone.
That place is huge!
- Only the best
for my baby girl.
Hey,
what's wrong, honey?
Talk to me.
- Nothing.
It's just that
I'm used to having
smaller, more
low-key birthdays.
- But you want
this party, right?
- Yes. Yes, totally.
Mom's so excited and you've
done all this planning,
so of course.
It's gonna be great.
- Hey, Zoe.
- Hey.
- My brand new bucket list.
Organized by decade,
separated into categories:
travel, learning,
career, relationships--
- Nice! Wait. You don't
know how to ice skate?
- I never learned.
See? I've done nothing!
- What's all this
under relationship?
OK. I can't unsee that.
- I am expanding my horizons.
- I'd say so.
- Thanks.
- He already left for the ER.
- Ah. What's that,
four nights this week?
Seems a little more
than 'casual' to me.
Have
you figured out if she's coming
to Jules' birthday yet?
- So...
this is all about
Carl White, huh?
- Yeah,
I looked into him.
Machinist for 30 years,
diagnosed with lung cancer
three years ago.
- He might have a life insurance
policy through his union.
- Huh. We should
ask Jon about that.
You know what else?
We should find out
if he had any other visitors
in the hospital in the past
few weeks.
- On it!
- OK, we gotta go.
Oh... That one's overrated,
but definitely try that one.
- Thanks so much for meeting us
on such short notice, Jon.
- Still no word
on my father's body?
- No. Sorry.
- I don't get why anyone
would want to steal a dead body.
Especially my dad's. It's been
hard enough losing him once.
This has been a real
gut punch for my family.
- You're an only
child, right, Jon?
- Yeah. It was just me and Carl
for a long time.
He moved in with my mom
when I was eight.
My biological father was never
in the picture. My mom died
shortly after they were married.
Carl officially adopted me
and raised me alone.
- Did Carl have any other
family?
- No.
He was estranged from his
family. And as close as we were,
he was always fiercely private
about his life growing up.
- Can you think of anyone
who'd want to harm your father?
- We think someone
stole Carl's body to get rid
of forensic evidence,
possibly to cover up a crime.
- That's ridiculous.
Everyone loved my dad.
- I have to ask where you were
last night. It's protocol.
Killed him and tried
to cover it up?
- Inheritance.
That's a good one.
Carl was broke. He spent
everything he had
on experimental
cancer treatments.
I've been putting him up
for the past year.
Remortgaged my house twice
to pay for his medical bills.
The only thing
I'm inheriting is this.
It's the box of Carl's
things I told you about.
- Thank you for bringing it.
- Literally everything
he left behind.
- Carl's mother.
I never knew her.
- It's a text from Zoe.
Carl didn't have any
unexpected visitors,
but three days before he died,
he asked a nurse to
call him a cab.
- To 145 Adelaide St. West.
The nurses tried to talk him out
of it, but he was determined,
despite how sick he was.
- Why would my dad need
to go downtown?
: Donne...
as in Donne's Rye Whislq?
- One of the hundred wealthiest
families in Canada.
I did a commercial
for them back in the 90s.
- I'll make fun of that later.
How the hell are the Donnes
connected to Carl?
- Can I get you
something to drink?
We've been developing
a brand new blend.
- No, thank you, Mr. Donne.
- Reginald, please.
You can call me Reg.
- Sorry to disturb you,
but we wanted to ask you
about Carl White.
- 605, former machinist...
Came to visit you
about a week ago?
- Never seen him before.
I guess I thought,
because you let us in
_as soon as we mentioned
his name, that you knew him.
- No, I...
I heard
The Shadow was here.
_ 1997. You_were
in a commerCIal for us.
- "Take the journey home."
- That's right.
- Yup.
- Look,
I'd love
to help you out,
but I have no idea
who that man is.
- Sure.
Well, thank you for your time.
- Oh, uh,
take a bottle.
On me.
- Thanks.
Nice guy, huh? Free bottle
of whislq. Heh, heh, heh.
- Something about him.
I feel like he's playing us.
- Yeah. Yeah, I get
that vibe too.
Whoa. That photo.
That's the same one
from Carl's personal effects.
Of his mom, Vera.
- "Donne Employee Photo, 1951."
- Carl's mom worked
for the Donnes?
- There's no way that
that's a coincidence.
Carl was here.
Ol' Reggie just lied to us.
- Why would a dying man
come all the way down here
to talk with his mom's
former employer?
- I don't know,
but we're not going to get
a straight answer out of him.
Wasn't there a name on the back
of Jon's photo?
- Yeah.
Yeah, Harriette Somebody.
- OK.
I'll call Jon. Here's hoping
Harriette Somebody
is still alive.
- Look at how young we all
looked! That's Kathy,
Anthony, Sandra,
Betsy, and...
Oh my lord, Vera White.
- She worked at_ the desk
next to mine.
She was a lovely girl.
Then she left suddenly,
in the spring
of 1951, I think.
Yes, that was it.
Poor girl.
Mrs. Donne all
but chased her away.
- Well, it was all
gossip, of course,
but Theodore Donne,
the company owner,
used to spend a great deal
of time at Vera's desk.
He was always
asking her
to stay late or work on
the weekends... I suspect
that Mrs. Donne found out
and chased Vera away.
- Spring of 1951, you said.
Do you remember which month?
- Um,
Oh, it was early May, I think.
It was not long after this
picture was taken.
- Theodore Donne, Reg's father,
was having an affair
with Vera White.
- Vera was sent away
in May of 1951.
Carl was born in October
that same year,
roughly six months later.
- Wait, are you saying what
I think you're saying?
- Carl White
was Theodore's son.
- Reg's half-brother.
- OK, 1951: Vera gets pregnant
with Theodore Donne's child, and
gets sent away by Mrs. Donne.
- Six months later,
she gives birth to Carl.
- Which means Carl White
is Carl Donne.
- And entitled to his share
of the Donne family fortune.
- If I had to guess,
15 million.
- Holy kumquat!
A titch off, boss.
- 400 million.
They only paid me
five grand for that
whisky commercial!
- We need to find that body.
- Why wouldn't Carl ask
for the money earlier?
- Maybe he didn't want it.
Come on,
it's not so crazy.
The Donne family basically
chased his mother away.
Carl probably wanted
nothing to do with it.
- Because of Jon.
Jon had to remortgage his house
twice to pay for Carl's
medical bills.
- Four-year-old daughter,
another one on the way...
- If it was me, I'd want
to make sure my family
was tak%1Kca re of.
so Carl goes to see Reginald
before he dies,
asks him to take care of his
family once he's gone.
- Except Reg
isn't having it. He figures
Carl's on his death bed anyway.
- OK, but why doesn't Jon
just go get it now?
- Because Carl and Jon
don't share the same DNA.
Carl isn't Jon's
biological father,
which is why Reggie
switched the bodies.
- You're right.
Because if Carl were buried,
then Jon could dig up
the body at any point
to test for DNA and claim
his share of the Donne fortune.
- But if the body
gets cremated,
supposedly by accident...
- The link goes away. Forever.
- Well, what're you guys
waiting for?
Go get Reginald Donne
so we can find Carl!
- We know he's behind this.
We just can't prove it.
- So you want me
to execute a search warrant
on one of the most powerful
men in the city,
in the hopes of finding
a dead body stashed in,
let's say his walk
- Yeah. Exactly.
- Like, tonight.
His funeral's tomorrow.
- This is a great idea.
You know what, while I'm at it,
why don't I build a catapult
so that my boss can literally
launch me into space when
this thing falls apart?
- What about the break-in at
the Kalfas Funeral Home?
- There's gotta be something
to implicate Reginald Donne.
- Here.
Analysis came back a few hours
ago. The scene was clean,
no blood, no DNA,
no fingerprints. The only
thing the techs found
was a little latex fiber
on some shards of glass.
- Yeah, from the rubber gloves
the culprit used
to rob the place.
- Wait a minute.
The tox screen shows traces of
formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde,
and methanol.
- Am I supposed to know
what those things are?
- You would if you were a
mortician_. Those are chemicals
used in embalming fIUId.
- I don't understand.
So you're saying
the break
- The gloves used in the robbery
had trace amounts of
embalming fluid on them.
- Well, Hanna and I
are the only ones who have
access to those chemicals,
and we have no reason
to break into our own place.
- Hanna,
did Reginald Donne pay you
to switch Carl White's body
with Leo's?
- That's ridiculous.
Of course not.
- Say something.
- Jacinta...
Wait,
are you saying--
- We've been losing money
for over a year!
We haven't been able
to take a salary in months.
We shouldn't have
to live like this.
- Tell us what happened.
- Mr. Donne came to me
when he figured out
that we were one of the funeral
homes that dealt with
Memorial Hospital.
He offered me
two hundred grand
to switch the toe tags
and take
Carl White's body
instead of Leo's.
- I didn't ask any questions.
But when I called to tell him
that the switch had been
discovered,
he threatened to expose me
if I didn't dispose of the body.
- So you made it look like
a break-in, took the body
and got rid of it.
- I did it for you!
You've wanted to_do this
Since you were a little girl.
You love this world.
But it was never what I wanted.
I couldn't just walk out on you
when the business was failing.
- It's better
than taking a payoff.
- That two hundred grand
was going to pay our debts,
allow me to move on.
I'd finally be free of
everyone's expectations.
Hanna Kalfas,
you are under arrest
for committing Indignity
to a Dead Human Body
and for Felony Disorderly
Conduct in Staging a Robbery.
- I can't believe you did this.
- Wait-- Hanna, what did you do
with Carl's body?
- I dropped him off
at the crematorium
at Ash Field cemetery.
- He's in the back.
- Oh, thank god.
- Here you go.
- Okay, thank you for your time.
- Zilch. The hospital room
was scrubbed clean.
- I can't believe
there's not a trace
of Carl's DNA left.
- Just like that,
he's wiped from existence with
no proof that he's a Donne heir.
What is that?
- Oh, right.
I was saving this for
a less depressive time,
but maybe we could all use
a good laugh right now.
- Life is an exotic journey.
Always something new to see...
to try... to succeed
or fail at...
But no matter how far you go...
remember there's value in
the familiar things as well.
Take the journey home.
- You know, the best part
is the unlit cigar.
- I think it's the frosted tips.
- That's it.
- The cigar.
We gotta talk to Jon.
Life is an exotic journey.
Always something new
to see... to try...
to succeed or fail at...
- This is all a bit
overwhelming. You wanna do what
with the pipe?
- We're gonna test it for DNA.
- Y-STR DNA. It's DNA
specifically passed on
from a male to
their male offspring.
Now, if we can prove that
Carl's matches Reginald's--
- Then it would prove
that Car! is Theodore
Donne's biological son.
- And according to the terms
of Theodore Donne's will,
his estate was to be divided
equally among all heirs.
- Your father had claim
to part of the Donne empire.
And as his only son,
now that claim falls to you.
Look, here's the number
for a friend of mine,
Melanie Parker. She's a
prosecutor, but she can help
set you up
with a civil attorney.
- But get ready for the fight
of your life, because
Reginald Donne is not going
to take this lying down.
- You're gonna need money
for legal fees, and lots of it.
Or you could try
for a contingency lawyer,
but they generally ask for 50%
of your claim.
- Hold on.
Sorry. Do I have
to do this?
- It's just...
It seems like a long shot.
Reginald Donne
is a powerful man.
And I'm already
swimming in debt.
- All we want right now
is to keep our house.
- The stress
of a trial...
isn't worth it
for us.
We're fine.
Really.
We live a humble
life, but...
we're happy.
Do you want
to think about it?
- "You only get one life.
You may as well
live it right."
My... my dad
taught me that.
Thank you, though.
For everything.
- I can't say
I blame them.
I wouldn't want to take _on
Reginald Donne in court either.
- Hello, Reg.
- Shadow.
In the shadows.
Should I be concerned?
- I just came here to talk.
To tell you
that Jon's family won't be
pursuing any legal action
against you.
- Smart man.
- Not just smart.
An honest man. A family man.
Like his father.
Your half-brother.
- Nice try.
Are you wearing a wire?
Trying to get me to admit
something on tape?
- Jon doesn't want your money.
- Then what is there
to talk about?
- All Car! wanted was
to take care of his family.
How much did he
ask you for, Reg?
Three hundred
grand
Come on, that's
a rounding error.
All so his kid
wouldn't get stuck
with the burden
of his medical bills.
- It's a sad story, I admit--
- You know Jon is barely
hanging onto his house?
He took a pay cut so he could
spend more time with his dad,
despite the fact that he's got
a kid of his own and another one
on the way. That's
what families do.
I guess you wouldn't know
anything about that, would you?
Hang on, Reg. I got
something for ya.
- It's Carl's pipe.
One of his most
cherished possessmns.
And the last remaining piece
of his DNA on this planet.
You decide which
of those descriptions
means the most to you.
- The venue called.
They said that you forgot
to drop off the cheque.
They've cancelled
the reservation.
- Mom, it's fine.
There's over a hundred kids
that are gonna be showing up
to that hall
in four hours!
- And I'll put up a message on
Facebook saying it's cancelled.
Everyone will survive.
- You were right, Becca. I
couldn't handle it. I dropped
the ball. It's all my fault.
- I knew it!
Why did I trust you--
- No. Wait. Mom.
He did it on purpose.
- It's OK, Jules--
- No, it's not.
Don't be mad.
I didn't want the party.
I know,
and I thought I did.
But you guys were so
excited to plan it, and...
It's just not me.
I'm sorry.
- No. No, I'm sorry.
I should have realized.
- We both should have.
Good news is,
now you can have the party
you really want, right?
And beer.
: No.
- I saw I missed your call,
what's up?
- Listen,
I wanted to explain
about Jules' birthday.
- Matt--
I'm really looking forward
to meeting Jules...
when you're ready.
- I appreciate that. Thanks.
- You're welcome.
Talk to you soon.
- We say that the hour of death
cannot be forecast,
but when we say this
we imagine that hour
as being placed
in an obscure
and distant future.
It _never occurs to us_
that it has any connection
with the day already begun...
- Guess he had
a change of heart.
- We are thankful,
we are grateful,
and we are better--
because of his love.
- ** But we are acting
like we're children *
* Looking to blame
for what we lack *
* Before we lose everything
* We have tomorrow
* Can we forget what
went wrong yesterday *
* Darling
* The world isn't over yet
* We've still got a chance
to place our bets *
* We both made a little mess
* Nothing our two hearts
can't put back *
* I'll never love you less
* Don't let your worries
second guess *
* We'll start over fresh
* Living a life
with no regrets *
- Yeah, it's me.
- Just open a bottle of wine,
I'll be out in a sec.
- * Thinking that time
has passed you by *
* And you're not close
to where you said you'd be *
* But tell me,
who is in this life? *
* Before we lose everything
we have tomorrow *
* Can we forget
what went wrong *
* Yesterday?
* So darling
* The world isn't over yet
* We've still got a chance
to place our bets *
- Hey, so you remember
that old vintage jacket
you fell in love with
years ago in Kensington Market?
I was on Queen West the other
day, and you're not gonna
believe this, but...
- * Don't let your worries
second guess, we'll start
over fresh *
* Living a life
with no regrets *
* Living a life with
no regrets *
* The world isn't over
* We can always start over
* No weight on our shoulder *